I said that it is not the master of the Lin family who listens to the wind
So he's not our relative.
Not relatives
He has handed over all the money to you since he started his official job
At least 2 million all these years
It's not a relative, he gave you this house to live in
Rent the kind of house that is about to be demolished by yourself
If it weren't for my uncle getting married
I'm afraid he has to live there for the rest of his life
Are we raising him for nothing?
Is 2 million not enough to repay?
You even took over his property.
What is 2 million?
We raised him as a child
Everything he has is ours
Lao Yan, if you say so
Everything about that mother belongs to you and grandma
Why did you do this to him?
I know my uncle is not your biological
But since you adopted him, you should treat him well.
It's not exploitation.
You keep saying that your uncle is your family
But I don't have the slightest affection for him
It's a shame to have a family like yours
What you did today
It will be returned to you in various ways in the future
If you don't believe me, just wait.
God will not spare any bad guy.
Feng Meng
Mom
Before us
It's a bit excessive.
Several adults are not as sensible as a child
All right.
Let's go. Don't embarrass yourself here
See laugh
You have suffered so much over the years
Li Feng
Let's bring the wedding date forward
10 o'clock in advance
No, three days later.
We're having our wedding in three days
Li Feng, I can't wait to marry you